Welcome, in this video, I'm going to create another file,
but this time directly on the master branch.
In a previous video, I created a new file, but I chose to go on a different path;
that is, I decided to create a feature branch directly in the
create the new file interface, and then walk through the pull request mechanism
in order to integrate those changes back into master.
However, this time I want to demonstrate the fact that you don't have to do that;
that's a new feature that was recently added to the GitHub interface,
but you can still go through the process of directly adding a file
on the branch you happen to be on.
Right now, since I deleted my feature branch, I only have the master branch.
And, just to show you that I can, I'm going to click into the "css" folder
and create a new file at this location.
I'm going to call this "demo.txt"; "This is a test" for the content.
The commit message is going to be "Create new demo file".
Since this is optional, I'm going to leave it blank.
And, this time, I will leave it on commit directly to master branch. Then click "Commit new file".
This process is a little bit more streamlined than the other process.
But, I wanted to show you both ways of doing it since you may prefer one over the other.